Future line,
Future ship, sea,
Future ship, sea, dawn
tranquil
Calm vision
There is a fog in the calm view (HAZE)
Self, straight through
today
Unstable today
Unstable future today.
tomorrow,
Tomorrow, and the day after tomorrow,
Tomorrow, and then,
which
Any hope
I have to hold on to some hope
You can stay alive.
Can I hear you say
Because I know,
Without this dream
With this dreamless diagram
With this unimaginable diagram,
It is hard to break what is decided,
It's hard to break what's fixed, but now
Tomorrow
Prompt for tomorrow
I'll go ahead with tomorrow,
Obviously,
Clearly the future of the ideal
To the future world that clearly expresses the ideals.
It does not stop when you start running,
now
Now the sky
If the sky is singing now.
no,
This
It's not like this.
tomorrow,
Tomorrow, tomorrow,
Tomorrow, tomorrow, I will not stop
I
I painted
The future I have drawn
Now you can wait
I can not wait.
Most of them are ambiguous,
Most obscure index, ambiguous until now
I can not just turn around.
I can not just cry now.
Play it,
Play it out, Stand out
The correct answer is
There is no longer the right answer,
The future is ours.
Now, as time goes by,
Summer
I miss summer
Do not miss summer
I would rather hope
To the future world which hoped for hope rather.
It becomes the wind,
destined
Tomorrow's
The sky of tomorrow
If you do not sing.
Because I know,
I know, I hope so.
"I am me."
It turns out to be a wind,
I am a wind, my song is.
From the top of the drawing world
Even if you take your breath away
One endpoint
Now that one endpoint has been found,
I'm going to be a wind,
We are going to be the wind, we are.
Because I know,
Without this dream
With this dreamless diagram
With this unimaginable diagram,
I am tired of breaking things up,
I am tired of breaking things up, but now
Tomorrow
Prompting tomorrow
I'll go head to head for tomorrow,
clearly
Obviously more than
Obviously,
The future that clearly depicted the ideal
To the future world that clearly expressed the ideal.
When it starts running, it does not stop,
now
Now the sky
If the sky is singing now